born an
orphan this Palestinian baby girl was
delivered from the womb of her dead
mother both mother and father were
killed in an Israeli strike in Rafa
she's named Ru which means soul in
Arabic what their fault a whole family
wiped from the Civil registry and the
only Survivor is a small baby girl her
sister mik wanted to name her r a soul
now mik is gone R is
left R's mother sa Sak was almost 8
months pregnant when she was killed
doctors say R's condition is staple and
[Music]
improving when the baby came out her
condition was between intermediate and
critical currently after giving her
medical care from the night until now
she got better gradually during the past
hours we can now say that her condition
is stable on
average but others did not survive the
Israeli air strikes on Rafa where close
to 2 million displaced Palestinians have
sought
Refuge did you see one man in all those
killed spot one man who has been killed
all of them inside the house and here
are women and children as you can see
with your own eyes my entire identity
has been wiped out with my wife children
and everyone gaza's Health Ministry says
that more than 14,000 children have have
been killed in Israel's war on Gaza the
bodies of many more have not been found
they are buried under the
rle r will spend the next month in
hospital without her mother and father
but as Israel threatens a ground
invasion of Rafa she and thousands of
children like her face an even more
uncertain
future make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler